I'm
- Student 
- Full Stack Web developer
- Android app developer
- Graphic Designer
- UI/UX Designer
- Grey Hat Hacker
- Student
- JEE Aspirant
- Marvel Fan
- Krishna's Devotee
- Ambivert
- Narcissistic
- Bibliophile
- Multi-Talented
- I have Multiple Personalities
- 1%

I like:
- Coding for hours
- Watching marvel movies
- Krishna's Consciousness
- Studying
- Reading Books
- Having good grades
- Talking to closest one
- Reading about Human Psychology and Behaviour 
- Talking to myself for Hours
- Thinking out of the box
- Reading Scriptures 
- Giving perceptions to others
- Being with loved ones 
- Loyalty
- Doing Workout 
- Listening songs
- Listening god's songs
- Sitting and talking with best friend is much more better than going to trips with them.
- Drawing
- Investigating Peoples
- Hustling
- Rap Songs/Hip Hop
- Singing
- Dancing
- Roaming outside my limits
- Sleeping late night


I dont like:
- Meal which I dislike
- When someone disrespects me
- When someone annoys me
- Dopamine Rush
- When someone tries to be superior than me or my knowledge.
- Social Interaction
- Consistent Study Lectures
- Meeting someone in morning 
- When someone use slang language
- I don't enjoy going to trips
- When someone hides anything from mens.
- When someone tries to manipulate me
- I just hate when anyone denies his/her commitments with me.
- Waiting
- I hate playing sports
- Competitors
- Loosing
- Days without production (Wasted Days)
- Waking up late

I want:
- I want to be the center of attention everytime
- I want everyone to obey what I say.
- I want to be a person so that every girl will proud that my mother raised a gentleman.
- And my Father will proud that he raised a Monster.
- I want to become rich
- I want to have girlfriend
- I want to live my life in dual way in parallel.

My daily routine
- I wake up late
- I sleep too late
- But I get ready for school quickly
- I used to study
- I used to waste my time on Social Media Platforms
- I made my own Instagram page and it's growing

Habits:
- I have a power to control my emotions, like if I decide that I want to become happy, then I'll be happy,
- If I see depression coming to me, I reject it.
- I'm a good guy, I respect womens.
- I don't use slang language
- My mind is not dirty, and I'm kind hearted.

I want to see myself in age of 24-26-28:
- Getting a personal house in urban area
- Having a car
- Living there with my wife peacefully
- Having International Trips
- Building my own company
- Having a studio

Fav:
- Emiway Bantai
- FirstMasculine (Aditya)

Archivements
- Age 13 - I got to know how to make website
- In 15 days I've completed 50k followers on Instagram
- I've wrote my first book "Concise Gita".
- I got 87.6% in my Highschool Boards

