---
title: 2023
author: Krish Vishwakarma
tags: personal
categories: Misc
date: 2023-12-31 23:26:00 +0530
---

Today is December 31st, 2023, the last day of the year, or maybe the last line of a chapter. I'm not experiencing the joy of the beginning of a new year. The reason is so complex that it can't be described in words. Winter is at its peak, and a new chapter knocking at the door. I feel like my life is cursed or something is hovering above me, retarding my life and mental health. I'm not depressed, but actually in trauma. Nothing good is happening; I saw everyone dead. Is it a hint of my impending end?

This year taught me many things: the essence of life, the reality of death, what lies beyond this cycle, and the impermanence of people in your life. Yesterday, I saw her status; she is happy in her life. Her happiness is inadvertently trolling my emotions. These three months with her were elegant, but I got attached, and that was my fault. How did I not realize that no one is permanent in your life?

I'm not in God's consciousness; my physique is shrinking, and I have no money. My love mysteriously left me. I can't focus on studies; time is slipping through my hands. This is the worst part of my life. In this year, I achieved my first success—the high school board exam evaluation. I realized that the first love is with the wrong person, the second love is with the right person at the wrong time. For the third one, it never happens because we get scared of loving someone. This year made me understand that when you fall in love with someone, you only see their goodness. I'm saturated in my life; I'm facing failure again and again.

The next year will be quite busy for me as my JEE preparation is going on. I came back, and there are five hours to go for 2024. Now, my depression and anxiety have faded away. I'm in a new rage, unleashing my inner beast. I promise this year will be the greatest one in history.