---
title: Comeback 
author: Krish Vishwakarma
tags: test
categories: Misc
date: 2023-12-26 21:54:00 +0530
---

## Welcome
Hello everyone, after a great time which is 2 years, I came back with a new rage and new mindset.
and welcome you all to my 2nd post of the blog.
## What happened
So the reason was that it was the starting of my 10th class and my family said that this year you have to focus on studies and at the end of 2021 i became a Full Stack web developer , Android app Developer, Graphic Designer & blah blah , and then I've decided that now i have to focus on studies and have to leave programming for some days , but who knows that this timegap will become not only some days but some years.
I just grinded that 2022-23 year in studies and made a good score of 9.2 CGP in CBSE Board.
and then i got too busy in studies and i enjoyed a lot in these 2 years. I didn't even realised that I am a programer. When I entered in 11th class , i got engaged with JEE exam preparation, and now my preparation is going almost well.
## Now what to do
My last post was uploaded on 28-12-2021 and today is 26-12-2023.
I decided that from now I will write blog posts on my experience of 2 years as a teenager and a student.
I almost got everything I dreamed for. And now I will gradually explain what happened. I know that there is no audience but I will keep posting, maybe after I die you guys will be reading this and maybe I will get oscar lol 😂, So embarking a new energy and unleashing my inner potential I'm going to start a new journey. 
## Furure Topics
- Unnecessary Love
- Time travel experience
- Fairwell
- Rejection that turned life
- My Exam Adventure
- What is reality
- How to get good grades in your highschool