---
title: Move On
author: Krish Vishwakarma
tags: love
categories: [Personal Life]
date: 2024-01-11 21:26:00 +0530
---
# Exposition
I just came after spending a few days in my cousin's home, we did a lot of fun.
Before I was gone, Some unnecessary things happened with me and my love. She stopped texting me, stopped sending me reels. Inactual she ghosted me.
And today my friend (Whom I've given a task to ask my gf that what happened) said that her words were "I don't want to talk to him".
And now the confrontation begins...
# Move On
So, She was a girl who was my crush since 1 year from now, and we came into relationship on 14 Sept 2023, today is 11 Jan 2024. And now currently I'm not feeling bad, but I'm also not feeling good although.
I chosed her based on her simplicity, minimalistic behaviour, loyalty and blah blah. Now the time just came up to broke this relationship and move on. From some time I've saw that she is depleting all the things which made me to love her. Nothing more, And I finally experienced this intoxication.
> Man licks his past like wounds, And unless these foolish people can forget the past, they can never embrace their future.
> ~ **Great Thanos**

What I've decided is to move on, my parents have not raised me to beg a girl to love me, My self respect matters and from now I'm not gonna say her a fukinn word. She just came like a wind, and I was like a lamp in a windowed room. Wallah she can't blow me out.
I've forgot every single memory with her, The nature will definitely persecute her in order to maintain equilibrium. 
I am not depressed now because I know that being depressed will be the most stupid thing I ever did. I don't want to repeat my previous mistake again and now I am moving on to my new life maybe I'll meet another girl because I am a human and I am bound to my emotions but I'll make sure to not to have any detachment from any person from now I want to grind my life and want to hustle.
I promise that I will make her realise that home she left. You guys know one thing, Currently I'm having _Kira Laugh_ in my mind; exactly the Kira Laugh because I'm just imagining that what will be her face when she will she'll see me hustling.
Yo man let's fukin grind, I have a lot of things to do in my personal life & I don't have enough time to talk to these chicks.
See you in the next one till then peace 🕊️.